Docs v2 setup (#55)
ceramicstudio/self.id: docs/modules/framework.md

# Module: framework

React framework for decentralized apps.

## Purpose

The `framework` module is the highest-level abstraction provided by the Self.ID SDK, aimed at

> helping developers quickly getting started with building decentralized apps using Ceramic with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helping developers to quickly get started with building decentralized apps using Ceramic with
```

React.

The framework is built on top of the [`core`](core.md), [`web`](web.md), [`react`](react.md),

> [`ui`](ui.md) and [`multiauth`](multiauth.md) modules to provides APIs and UI components to easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`ui`](ui.md) and [`multiauth`](multiauth.md) modules to provide APIs and UI components to easily
```
